hello where the mr. Shawn foursome
here's our first video from original
Legend of Zelda this video is going to
be about the bosses of the game we have
included them all and rating them from
worst to best and we will be focusing on
them as main bosses and laddus many
bosses like some of them appear to be
later in the game so let's get started
number seven okay somewhere in level
five and me into this room and then what
the hell is that it might be hard to
tell but it's some sort of an eye
monster this is Stig knockers one of the
most ridiculous bosses the whole series
to be in him you have to use this flute
because well you know the logger hates a
certain kind of sound so it becomes
smaller and vulnerable and you're about
three it's away from being him mean is
both easy and really weird number six
even though the name is kind of weird
this boss is actually half that man and
handler gives you quite a challenge if
you use the sword if you have bombs
however you can blow me away with just
one that is if I'm lucky it's much
easier to do the use of bombs and
there's no challenge in there that's why
it's on the sixth place number five
little not the first-ever appearance of
a main villain on the Zelda series this
on a fifth place now of course talking
about Gabon this blue fat pig is not
much of a threat with fireballs and we
were really disappointed how about how
quick he died it was much easier than a
few of the other bosses in the game and
after this massive huge maze went
through getting himself to not the
presses
number four we place the Donald fourth
place because he was the first boss in
the game in which being him required
something else on your sword even you're
making eat your bomb so to explode or
stunning with a bomb close to him and
hit him with his would each as hell but
share no chance without the bombs
number three yes we actually like gamma
she's his father in one lie and think
it's a cool boss what was disappointing
here now I very lost that it tastes just
about much time to be here like
intestine ocarina of time and that's
disappointing
number two is opponent is a very first
pulse we've ever seen the Zelda series
we've seen many people dislike in a
comment this but we are nothing against
them this is not some boss that takes
one hit with a weapon and dies and come
on who doesn't love dragon idiot horns
number one the is without a doubt GLIAC
now this bus was a real challenge I
wonder how many times we actually died
trying to take him down this two-headed
dragon looks awesome and it keeps you in
the trolls with its fireballs and it's
not enough to destroy one head you
actually have to destroy both it seems
that this boss had a high standard for
the bosses to come later in the series
glia can definitely deserves number one
that ends our top lists and top bosses
in the original Legend of Zelda please
leave a comment about what you thought
of this and remember this is our opinion
and we will gladly hear yours thank you
for watching